[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
as a Fish, a weekly podcast this week
coming to you from the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
My name is Dan Schreiber, and joining me
as ever is the three QILs.
Please welcome to the stage Andy, Barry,
James Harkin, and Anish Zinski.
Oh!
And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
and no particular order.
Here we go, starting with you.
Andy Murray.
Andy, my name is Andy.
My fact this week is that the first ever pencils
we used to draw on sheep.
The fact-- and I found this out last month
at the Cumberland Pencil Museum, which is an amazing museum.
If you're ever in the area, you have to go.
It's in Kessik, and it features, among many other things,
a giant collage of Chris Evans made of pencils,
which is the most nightmare-ish thing you could--
it's so amazing.
Yeah, so first pencils we used for sheep.
Why?
So why?
Well, I mean, the story is, and it's not
sure how much this is sort of half-myth,
but the story is that some shepherds found a load of graphite,
which had been turfed up in a storm.
The tree had been blown out, and there was this sort of black
shiny stuff in the roots.
And they realized that it made marks and stuff,
and that's how they started using it to draw on their sheep.
And the first ever pencils were just lumps of graphite wrapped
in sheep skin.
OK, that's good.
I did slightly have an impression
that they were sort of riding, you know,
novels, and then they just hand your sheep into a publisher.
Yeah, there you go.
So when did someone decide that we can now take it off sheep
and put it into other uses?
Well, that initial discovery was in the 16th century.
And there are some people who say that it went back earlier.
People say that the Aztecs might have found it
and used it as a market a few hundred years before,
but there isn't too much evidence about that.
Yeah, but it was a massive market, wasn't it, the graphite?
Like, if you stole graphite, you would
be sent to Australia as punishment.
Yeah, and they used to have, like, armed guards,
shaperoning their horses and carts with a graphite down
to London, didn't they, from Cambodia?
Yeah, and even the miners, as you were mining it,
you would have two men with blunderbosses next to you
to make sure you weren't slipping it into your pockets.
It is kind of extraordinary.
And so there was this naturally occurring graphite
that was found in Borodale in the Lake District.
And that's the only big source of solid graphite
that's ever been found.
So we, I mean, Britain controlled the pencil industry
for some time.
Yeah, we were nailing that.
It was huge, that was a massive deal.
And, right, now, the Cumberland Pantsam Museum says this,
and I can't quite believe it.
They say that in 1650, graphite was briefly more valuable
than gold.
But what they did was they deliberately
only mined it for short amounts of time in the year
to kind of keep the price up.
Because we have this monopoly on it,
and we've sent it all the way around the world,
and they just wanted to keep the price as high as possible.
Oh, clever.
But now, hasn't it now turned once again
into one of the most expensive materials in the world?
Yeah, the pencils are more expensive than gold.
Yeah, yeah.
No, no.
But so--
And a few here, I'll sell to you after the show.
We met-- James and I have actually met a guy whose--
his name's Andre Geim, and he discovered--
so he's a scientist, but he does all sorts of interesting
science things.
For example, they had the biggest-- what was it?
The biggest magnet in the world.
Yeah, he made a frog levitate.
So basically, he was passing the biggest magnet in the world,
and he thought, oh, that's a pretty big magnet.
I wonder what would happen if you something went into it.
So he threw his ham sandwich into it, and it floated.
It just floated inside this magnet.
And then he won an award for floating a frog inside it.
Do you think sheep and frogs have a mutual support group
where they discuss what people have subjected them to?
And they drew all over me for 300 years.
Well, I was levitated between magnets.
Will you say you chucked a ham sandwich in there?
Yeah.
That's an amazingly cavalier use of what
is presumably a really expensive bit of equipment.
I know.
It was a bowl of ham sandwich.
Yeah, he won a Nick Nobel Prize for that,
but then he won a Nobel Prize for discovering graphene,
which is done.
Which is pencils.
You know that when you write with them, that bit that comes out?
Back to you, James.
Yeah, it's a layer of carbon, which is basically one atom thick.
They think it's going to be the future, and they'll
make all sorts of things out.
And it turns out that it's the strongest material
that we found in the universe.
Graphene is so strong that if you had a sheet of it,
I think I read this.
You could balance an elephant, right?
And a grown elephant on--
the elephant is standing on a pencil,
and the pencil is pointing down on a sheet of graphene,
and the graphene won't break.
That's how strong it is.
How are you lifting the elephant onto the pencil, though?
I think that's the question.
So you were saying about how long was it until we had pencils?
Well, actually, graphite is kind of OK,
but it wasn't quite good for pencils,
because it kind of fell apart a little bit.
And in 1843, an artist called William Brockenden
invented a machine, which could press graphite
so that you could have actual lead,
like you would have in pencils.
But that machine actually has had a much better use.
They found out you could use it to make pills,
and all the pills that you eat today--
All the pills, all the many pills I have--
I have some in my pocket, which I'm going to sell to Dan,
I'll bet the show.
Yeah, all the pills that you take today
have come because of the invention of pencils.
Wow.
It's interesting, isn't it?
Really?
Oh, and tabloids used to be pills, didn't they?
Oh, yeah.
That was the origin of the tabloid.
Pills used to be much harder to swallow back in the days.
That's-- I wanted to use this as a main fact for the show,
but bubble wrap was not used as bubble wrap.
It was originally designed as wallpaper.
And then for years, we're trying to get people
to buy their futuristic wallpaper.
And no one liked it, and it sat in an office for ages.
And then suddenly, someone just went--
when we put it in this box, and it worked,
and suddenly, that's how the industry grew.
But they sat there for years, just going,
what are we going to do with our--
They sat there for years, just popping the wallpaper.
This is amazing.
No one getting any work done.
Yeah.
The 2013, they had a thing called the Diagram Prize.
They have it every year, and it's for the weirdest book title.
And in that year, the prize was won by a book called
Goblin Proofing, One's Chicken Coop.
But what came second, or what beat to the prize,
was a book called How to Sharpen Pencils.
It's by David Reese.
And I went on to Amazon to see if I could buy it.
And they have a deal where people who buy the sharpening
pencils book also buy pencil sharpeners
and a set of 12 pencils.
And you can get them all for 45 pounds, 87.
That's not bad.
It is actually just the shorter version of the title of that book.
So the longer version is a practical and theoretical treatise
on the artisanal craft of pencil sharpening
for writers, artists, contractors, and flange turners.
It has unbelievably high ratings.
So it has 82 ratings on Amazon.
And more than three-quarters of them are five-star ratings.
So one rating, the top five-star rating,
is headed sharp and to the point, which was nice.
He also runs the guy who wrote it, David Reese.
Now runs a pencil sharpener sharpening business,
where you can send your pencil to him.
Why?
And he'll send it back.
And he will sharpen it.
Wrapped in bubble wrap.
He says, there's a quote from him.
He says, I'm sure there's probably somebody in India
who could sharpen your pencil for less.
But if you want authentic American craftsmanship.
Wow.
Is it true, the thing about the musing pencils in space?
It's true that they did, but the thing that isn't true
is that America spent billions making a special ball pod pen.
And the Russians just took a pencil.
Actually, they all just took pencils.
OK, yeah.
And then the space pen was developed,
which was that great pen that you can buy commercially now.
And a really interesting thing, it was down to that pen
that both Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin
were able to get off the moon because, yeah, no one knows
how important this actually was.
So as they were on the moon, and it was time for take off,
they had the ignition switch, which had to go on
to set the boosters off to launch back in space.
And as Buzz Aldrin's flicked it on, it broken half.
And he thought, oh, that's--
I think he didn't say, oh, oh.
What's he daisy?
Oh, spaghetti, oh.
So what he did was he took out his pen,
and he put it into the switch, and he used that as the switch
to get them off the moon, yeah.
Wow, that's amazing.
I did not know that.
Wow.
The world's largest pencil has a 250 pound eraser on the end.
The lead is 4,000 pounds in weight.
And the exterior is a perfect yellow hue
of these typical American yellow pencils.
It's from Pennsylvania.
No, no way.
Sorry, is it really?
The graph out is from Pennsylvania.
Yeah, is it really?
I never noticed that.
Oh, my god.
This is not spelled pencil, but here is it.
Yeah.
Wait, did you just notice when he said it out loud just then?
I noticed it when everyone laughed.
Oh.
It'd be a really cool sort of cartoon character
of a vampire with pencils for teach from Pennsylvania.
That'd be great.
Amazing.
They-- the one problem with this massive pencil
that they didn't think of--
Well, then it can't be lifted by any human.
Is that the one problem?
There was one more problem.
They said, we thought about making the world's largest pencil
sharpener, but we ran out of money.
Do you know the speaking of having rubbers on them,
the guy who discovered that rubber could erase pencils?
So before that, people used to use wet bread, didn't they?
Yes, breadcrumbs.
But the guy who discovered that rubber-- first row,
that rubber could be used to erase pencil--
also discovered oxygen is priestly.
Yeah, yeah.
And he was the first person to write, oh, by the way,
this rubber thing I'm using to write down
on my chemical theories is really useful for erasing
the wrong ones.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
The guy who thought of first putting a rubber
on the end of a pencil was a guy called Hyman Lipman.
This-- what are you laughing at?
Well, Hyman is a perfectly normal name, absolutely.
This was in 1862, and he came up with this idea,
put a rubber on a pencil, brilliant idea.
He sold his patent to a guy called Joseph Rockendorfer
for $100,000.
And then Rockendorfer thought, ah, I've got the patent now.
He started suing everyone else who was making them.
But the Supreme Court of the United States ruled against him
saying that the patent was invalid because actually,
he was just taking two other inventions
and sticking them together.
And so he paid $100,000 for nothing.
So two inventions stuck together
doesn't constitute a new invention.
No, why?
Nothing.
[LAUGHTER]
Don't get excited about the mouse trap remote control,
anytime soon.
[LAUGHTER]
OK, time for fact number two.
And that is my fact.
My fact this week is drinking alcohol
makes you more attractive.
It's something that they discovered fairly recently.
And they did this with test studies with students.
So if you drink a glass of alcohol,
it makes your face more attractive.
But then if you drink another, then you reduce yourself
again back to--
No, it's-- yeah, so it's basically.
They say that it just relaxes your face,
a glass of alcohol relaxes your face,
and makes you seem more sexy.
Is that--
You can't see me back home, but the audience is going,
whoa, I didn't know Captain Sexy was in the room.
It's one thing about faces that the more relaxed they are,
the sexier they are.
That's why Slack drawed people famously gorgeous.
Well, there are a couple of theories, aren't they?
Because it could be that your pupils get larger
after a glass of wine, when people--
that's the sign of attraction.
So you look more attractive if you have very large pupils.
Or it could be the other theories possible
that your cheeks get a bit rosier.
And that's the sort of sign of vitality and health
and all of this stuff, so.
It is worth it.
It's only one glass of wine, though.
I mean, I can't believe people's physical appearance
changes that much between one glass of wine,
one glasses of wine, and I've had too many actually.
[LAUGHTER]
Your glass is a very large, though, I don't know.
There was a study done about beer goggles as well
that they gave people alcohol and they
asked them to rate people's faces.
And they said it was a roughly 10% increase in ratings
of attractiveness when you got drunk compared to when
you were sober, so that was supposedly
to prove that beer goggles exist.
There was also a study where people were split into four groups.
So basically this study showed that people, when they're drunk,
think they're more attractive.
So they're asked to look at pictures of themselves,
if it is themselves, and if they're a bit pissed,
they're like, yeah, I'm really hot.
But people who think they're drunk, but aren't drunk,
still think they're more attractive.
So they gave people what they said was six shots of vodka.
And then it wasn't vodka.
It was just water that smells a bit like vodka.
And then they asked them to watch a video themselves,
and they operated their attractiveness.
Because they obviously convinced themselves they were drunk.
And then thought, well, when I'm drunk, I become more attractive.
So isn't that interesting?
That was really cool.
I mean, we said that some of the animal experiments
were quite cruel, but I think giving people water and saying
it's vodka is about as cruel as you can get.
I'd be suing.
Six shots is an awful lot, isn't it?
Oh, Andy.
[LAUGHTER]
It was with me, temperance guys.
But what if all alcohol was just replaced by placebo alcohol
and no one told us?
Yeah.
And we just have the same-- it would just be exactly the same.
If we think we're drunk, when we're not,
they could just save all that money making alcohol.
Yeah, it's just the kind of stuff that smells and tastes
a bit like alcohol, and then--
They've been doing it for the last 10 years.
I was part of the committee that decided.
Mine is real, but you're guys.
There's also a study that showed that men rate pictures.
So yeah, we think people are more attractive when we're
a bit drunk, and men even rate women more attractively
when they look at pictures of them when they are red alcohol-related
words.
No.
If you say the word "beer" to a man and then
put a picture of a woman in front of him,
he's like, oh, yeah, she's hotter than she was five minutes ago.
So if you felt that you were slightly unattractive in life,
you could just rename yourself whiskey, or--
Hello, I'm beer.
Lovely to meet you.
Well, hello, beer.
Really?
Yeah, I think that's a really good idea.
Oh, my God.
I found out about another study.
This is a 2013 study by a group.
I think it was a German scientist.
How to get a bartender's attention.
The results revealed that bar staff responded
to a set of two non-verbal signals.
Well, exciting.
What are these signals going to be?
First, customers position themselves directly
at the bar counter.
[LAUGHTER]
And secondly, they look at a member of staff.
Because I have been doing it wrong for years.
You've been stood outside looking at a horse.
[LAUGHTER]
And so fruit flies use alcohol as medicine.
They are often attacked by parasitic wasps who kind of lay eggs in them
and then eat them from the inside when they're born.
But what they can do is they can drink loads and loads and loads
and loads of alcohol.
And the alcohol kills the wasps, but it doesn't kill them
because they're like hard.
They're not like you, Andy.
They can take it.
But even better is when they'll even see a parasitic wasp,
they will play the children with alcohol to save them as well.
That's what they're telling the social workers, is it?
[LAUGHTER]
I read another slightly interesting science report,
which is that our faces look better from behind.
So apparently, when you see someone from behind,
you picture what their face looks like.
And you project this face onto a person.
And ultimately, it's usually disappointing
when the person turns around according to scientists.
And so they've said the best view for any human
is from behind of a face.
Yeah.
Also, I found this just quite funny.
You know, there's that whole concept of a wingman.
Frogs invented the idea of wingmaning.
So I read this report where apparently,
and they did this test on, I think,
it was 120 female frogs and a couple of guys.
And so--
A couple of guys.
A couple of male frogs, you mean?
Couple of man frogs, yeah.
And so the man frogs would come into the bar.
And one of the man frogs would bring an ugly mate,
as the scientists call it.
And the ugly mate would come in, and it'd make the other frog
look better looking, and then the other female frogs
would be like, oh, who's the good looking?
Yeah, I always take a slug to a bar.
[LAUGHTER]
It works pretty badly.
Everyone who's getting off with the slug is tricky, but--
[LAUGHTER]
We're going to have to move on.
OK, it's time for fact number three.
And that is James Harkin.
OK, my fact this week is that the National Giant Vegetable
Championships had to move venue in the mid-80s as the pumpkins
started getting too big to fit through the doors.
[LAUGHTER]
Sorry, I just find that so funny.
Let's--
Do we know how big the doors were?
Yeah, it was a pub.
It was called the Milk Haven, it's in Cumbran.
And so it's a proper double swinging doors.
And in the mid-80s, yeah, they had to move it,
and then it moved to the Cumbran Working Men's Club, which
presumably just had bigger doors.
Where is Cumbran, sorry?
It's in South Wales.
OK.
So how big were these pumpkins?
Oh, well, I'm not sure how big they were then.
The heaviest pumpkin in history weighed 1,054 kilograms,
which is about the same weight as the Ford Fiesta.
But let's practical for the commuter.
[LAUGHTER]
Just at midnight going, this hasn't changed at all.
It was grown by Benny Meyer from Switzerland,
and it was according to the Guinness Book of Records,
it was authenticated by the great pumpkin commonwealth.
I was reading today on Pumpkin.com that apparently they--
this is new thing for Halloween now, whereby people actively
want ugly-looking pumpkins.
And they've been trying to breed out ugly-looking pumpkins
for a very long time, because anyone buying a pumpkin
wants a good-looking pumpkin.
Now a sort of warty-looking, disfigured pumpkin
is all the rage.
And so they actually-- it's a very lucrative business
at the moment to mess up your pumpkins,
to make him look a bit odd from one day of the year.
The ugly-warty pumpkins are very popular
with the good-looking pumpkins who take them to bars.
[LAUGHTER]
No, these giant pumpkins, they are amazing.
They grow them on pallets, as in they
put a pallet underneath the ground while it grows,
so that once it's got big enough, they
can get a four-cliff truck down and put it under the ground
and lift it up, because otherwise it'll just burst or explode.
I read an account of a guy who managed to--
he put a four-cliff truck fork, the roux, his pumpkin.
Oh, my God.
As he was taking it to the competition.
Does that-- oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
There's a guy called Clive Bevan.
He grows giant pumpkins.
And in 2011, he donated some to be crushed by a monster truck
at a charity event.
And I don't think there's a better evening out
than watching a giant truck crush a giant pumpkin.
Yeah.
It's not amazing.
He's been sort of poached by the Malaysian government
to grow giant pumpkins for them.
And the ones who grew there, they're way
about 20 stone, and they have to be moved by helicopter.
There was a study done about how big pumpkins can get.
And they put a lot of pumpkins in like this weird vice
instrument, and they saw how much pressure it could get.
And they worked out that in a perfect world,
you could get a pumpkin that was 20,000 pounds,
which is the size of two elephants.
And that's what their skin could hold before it would just
give up.
That does sound like a perfect world, James.
This is why I never won Miss World.
The longest carrot ever was 19 feet long.
Whoa.
And the longest beetroot, 21 feet.
Longest part of ever, 18 feet, five inches.
What they do is they grow them in pipes.
So you get a very long pipe, and you grow it along that.
And it's very, very hard to get them out of the soil
without breaking them.
And also, you don't know how well you've done,
until you pick them.
That's the exciting thing about growing them.
[LAUGHTER]
So they're like icebergs now.
They're just thinking, you could grow them.
So that's a lettuces.
Oh, sorry.
Yes.
Yeah.
[APPLAUSE]
Do you know who grew those?
Because there's one man who's held the world records
for the largest broccoli kale carrot cabbage,
red cabbage, celery, and beet fruit.
Whoa.
And I don't know how he holds down a day job.
But he's called John Evans from Alaska,
and he's broken all of those records.
Alaska, Alaska is the place to grow giant vegetables.
Because in the summer months, you get 20 hours of sunshine a day.
And so they grow really large, because they
do more photosynthesizing.
So if you want to grow-- if you want to beat records,
move to Alaska.
It's amazing it started in Wales, which
gets about half an hour of sunshine a day.
Can I turn the conversation to doors?
So it's relevant, right?
That's three days on doors.com.
I'm not go wasted.
So one thing that I found out, which I found amazing,
is that we always have the impression
that people were smaller back in the day
because of the height of doors.
Yeah, you would go to old British pubs,
and the doors would be quite low.
And we thought, wow, everyone was so small back then.
That's not true.
It's in fact, it's that it was just doors cost a lot.
It was a shrunk.
Yeah, the doors of sunshine.
No, doors were quite a costly material back in the day.
So why would you have a ginormous door in your house?
You would just build something quite small that you could get into.
And--
I guess also, if it was smaller, it would be less heat-syscaping.
Yes.
So maybe a better--
The revolving door was invented by a man
who hated holding doors open for women.
[LAUGHTER]
Really?
Yeah, he was called Fear Filer's Fun Kennel.
But the great thing about this guy, he has a Wikipedia page.
He has loads of articles about him in all sorts of newspapers.
But in only one place can I find that he had only one arm.
And nowhere else mentions that he only had one arm.
Wow.
You think that'd be the first thing, right?
Yeah, as much as it explains his aversion
to opening doors for people.
[LAUGHTER]
Actually, a conventional door took his other arm.
There is a-- I have read a manual on taxidermy, which says,
do not make sure the doors of your taxidermy workshop
are large enough to get out the animals that you are.
Because there was one guy who had a bad experience
with an elephant, a genuinely stuffed an elephant,
and then could not get it out of his workshop.
How did he get it in there?
I don't know.
I think maybe he raised it in there and killed us there.
[LAUGHTER]
Do you know that the automatic door
was invented a very long time ago?
Like, so we think of it as probably quite a modern invention,
and absolutely the sort of modern--
Because it's electric.
Yeah, the electric, exactly.
The motion sensor thing where you would be.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, but there's evidence that hero/heron of Alexandria
actually invented an automatic door using
pneumatics and using water and so on in order to get it open
and close.
He was an amazing guy.
This guy was extraordinary.
He was a guy who invented--
He invented the first vending machine.
It was a coin-operated vending machine.
He used to teach in the libraries of Alexandria.
So this is how old it is.
And the first vending machine, you put a coin in it
and it gave you some holy water.
How cool is that?
That's what this guy did.
He was like the Steve Jobs of his day.
No, I wanted the Mars Bar.
[LAUGHTER]
OK, it's time for our final fact of the show.
And that is Chazinski.
Yes, my fact is that the beaded lacewing insect
incapacitates its prey by farting on it.
So the beaded lacewing is lace wings
of those little insects, which are really understudied.
Hardly anything is known about them,
and they have those transparent wings.
So when it's fully grown, it just is a vegetarian, vegan.
But as a larva, as a baby, when it's less principled,
it is really carnivorous.
And so these larvae go around, and they live in termite nests.
And they go around and stun termites
with vapor-phase toxicon, which they release from their anus.
The larva raises its anus up in the air in the termite's face.
And excretes this scent.
And the termite feels OK for a little bit.
Then it becomes immobilized.
And then within a couple of minutes, it's kind of fainted.
And then it dies after about three hours.
And it makes it much easier to pull apart and eat,
which is quite an impressive way of killing your victim.
I mean, yeah.
Yeah.
The other thing I read is that these lacewing larvae,
are 30 times smaller than the termites that they're eating.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's a real David and Goliath situation.
I can't imagine what your Bible class was like.
Well, and they can incapacitate six termites in one fart.
Wow.
So very efficient.
On the flip side of using something as a weapon,
using your bum as a weapon, I read about a slug in Canada.
Careful, you may be talking about a friend of mine.
So apparently this slug, when it gets scared,
when it gets frightened, it's bum falls off.
[LAUGHTER]
It's like, boom, it's like, whoa, whoa.
Yeah, it's called the Canadian blue-gray tail dropper slug.
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah, it's bum just falls off.
There was a study about whether a farts contain germs.
And there are a couple of scientists from Brisbane
to study this.
They asked a colleague to break wind
over two different petri dishes, firstly fully clothed,
and then with their pants down.
And the second one, trousers down,
developed a kind of bacteria that you
only find in the gut or on the skin.
And a clothing-fulded one didn't grow anything.
So the conclusion was, don't fart naked
near food that you're doing.
[LAUGHTER]
You know, I've got to rethink my dinner party strategies.
I'm really sorry about last Friday evening, guys.
Our farts, human farts, travel at seven miles per hour
on a good fart.
That's about double walking speed, isn't it?
That's why if you've ever tried to chase a fart,
but a walking pace, you can't catch up with it.
Wait, so someone's farted that way,
and you've got after it like a gray hound.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think those little gray hounds do.
So there was a study done that looked
about how embarrassed people are and how little
they would like to fart in public.
Given the set of circumstances.
So they were told you could either do a silent and not
smelly fart.
And most people were like, well, I'll do that one, please.
And they were like, the one I least want to do
is the really loud, really disgusting one.
But that's very different to your dinner party strategy.
I was an outlier.
They had to discount me from the study.
But people are much more reversed to making a noise
than doing the smell, I guess, because the noise is more
obvious than it comes from you.
But people would much rather omit what is actually much more
unpleasant for everyone else around you, isn't it?
Because no one minds hearing a noise.
Well, the interesting thing about that
is humans can't really tell where smells come from.
It's really hard because you smell in like one dimension.
But then there are animals that can smell in stereo like moles.
And so if you had a mole sat there next to you, Anna,
it would know exactly where the smell came from.
But it couldn't tell anyone.
That's the tragedy of the mole.
So fats are caused by oligosaccharides
that are little molecules, and they're
eaten by bacteria in your gut.
And the bacteria then make tiny little fats, which turn
into human fats.
So actually, a human fat is thousands
of little tiny bacterial fats.
That's honestly the best fact I've ever heard in my life.
Are you kidding me?
We have a collection of life farting on us
that we just release it as one big wharf.
You got it.
So it kind of technically means it's never really your fold.
Exactly.
You can always blame it on someone else.
The 1956 Grand National is quite famous.
There's a horse called Devon Locke.
And just as it was coming down the final straight,
it was miles ahead, and it just collapsed on the floor.
But actually, according to the headlad of the stable,
he tightened the girth, which is like the strapping
of the around the belly of the horse just before the off.
He tightened it with one more notch
and then another one for good luck.
But also, the owner of the horse had already
done exactly the same thing.
And one theory is that the horse that was miles in the lead
collapsed because it farted and massive, massive fart,
and then collapsed.
Imagine someone doing your belt loops up four notches
tighter than you used to.
Like, I'm almost breaking wind even thinking about that
happening.
OK, that's it.
That's all of our facts.
Thank you so much for listening.
If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
about the things we've said over the course of this podcast,
you can find us on Twitter.
I'm on @Sriberland.
Andy, @AndruHunterM.
James.
Eggshapes.
Chazinski.
You can email podcast@ky.com.
Yeah.
Or you can go to nosuchthingasvish.com.
That's our website.
We have all of our previous episodes up there.
You can go to @kypodcast on Twitter.
We'll be back again next week with another episode.
Thank you so much for being here, guys.
Thank you so much for listening.
Have a good night.